Godfather ipsum dolor sit amet. I want your answer and the money by noon tomorrow. And one more thing. Don't you contact me again, ever. From now on, you deal with Turnbull. My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator. Te salut, Don Corleone. Why do you hurt me, Michael? I've always been loyal to you. We're both part of the same hypocrisy, senator, but never think it applies to my family.

Vito, how do you like my little angel? Isn't she beautiful? Sonny, please don't do anything. Please don't do anything. Friends and money - oil and water. I'm your older brother, Mike, and I was stepped over! I don't trust a doctor who can hardly speak English.

Don't ever give an order like that again. Not while I'm alive. I have a sentimental weakness for my children and I spoil them, as you can see. They talk when they should listen. I am sorry. What happened to your father was business. I have much respect for your father. But your father, his thinking is old-fashioned. You must understand why I had to do that. Now let's work through where we go from here. Do me this favor. I won't forget it. Ask your friends in the neighborhood about me. They'll tell you I know how to return a favor.

It's an old habit. I spent my whole life trying not to be careless. Women and children can afford to be careless, but not men. The hotel, the casino. The Corleone Family wants to buy you out. You can act like a man! Don Corleone, I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your home on the wedding day of your daughter. And may their first child be a masculine child.

Don't you know that I would use all of my power to prevent something like that from happening? What's wrong with being a lawyer? Leave the gun. Take the cannoli. Only don't tell me you're innocent. Because it insults my intelligence and makes me very angry.

Hey, listen, I want somebody good - and I mean very good - to plant that gun. I don't want my brother coming out of that toilet with just his dick in his hands, alright? Why did you go to the police? Why didn't you come to me first? Never let anyone know what you are thinking. What's the matter with you? Is this what you've become, a Hollywood finocchio who cries like a woman? "Oh, what do I do? What do I do?" What is that nonsense? Ridiculous! Is that why you slapped my brother around in public?

I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart! I don't like violence, Tom. I'm a businessman; blood is a big expense. Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever. Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in.

Very well. You want to do business with me. I will do business with you. That's my family Kay, that's not me. You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me? It's not personal. It's business.