It’s not a bug – it’s an undocumented feature. (Anonymous) The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. (Anonymous) They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction. (Janet Reno) It’s a curious thing about our industry: not only do we not learn from our mistakes, but we also don’t learn from our successes. (Keith Braithwaite) As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn’t as easy to get programs right as we had thought. Debugging had to be discovered. I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in my own programs. (Maurice Wilkes discovers debugging, 1949)

Programmers are in a race with the Universe to create bigger and better idiot-proof programs, while the Universe is trying to create bigger and better idiots. So far the Universe is winning. (Rich Cook) I’ve noticed lately that the paranoid fear of computers becoming intelligent and taking over the world has almost entirely disappeared from the common culture. Near as I can tell, this coincides with the release of MS-DOS. (Larry DeLuca) Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter. (Eric Raymond) Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked. (Jeff Pesis)

It would appear that we have reached the limits of what it is possible to achieve with computer technology, although one should be careful with such statements, as they tend to sound pretty silly in 5 years. (John Von Neumann, circa 1949) The Web is like a dominatrix. Everywhere I turn, I see little buttons ordering me to Submit. (Nytwind) I think there’s a world market for about 5 computers. (Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM, circa 1948) If McDonalds were run like a software company, one out of every hundred Big Macs would give you food poisoning, and the response would be, ‘We’re sorry, here’s a coupon for two more.’ (Mark Minasi)

A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history–with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila. (Mitch Radcliffe) The only people who have anything to fear from free software are those whose products are worth even less. (David Emery) There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home. (Ken Olson, President, Digital Equipment Corporation, 1977) It’s a curious thing about our industry: not only do we not learn from our mistakes, but we also don’t learn from our successes. (Keith Braithwaite)

There’s an old story about the person who wished his computer were as easy to use as his telephone. That wish has come true, since I no longer know how to use my telephone. (Bjarne Stroustrup) C++ : Where friends have access to your private members. (Gavin Russell Baker) The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. (Seymour Cray) Don’t worry if it doesn’t work right. If everything did, you’d be out of a job. (Mosher’s Law of Software Engineering)

It has been said that the great scientific disciplines are examples of giants standing on the shoulders of other giants. It has also been said that the software industry is an example of midgets standing on the toes of other midgets. (Alan Cooper) You can either have software quality or you can have pointer arithmetic, but you cannot have both at the same time. (Bertrand Meyer) I think there’s a world market for about 5 computers. (Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM, circa 1948) Deleted code is debugged code. (Jeff Sickel)

There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses. (Bjarne Stroustrup) The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability. (Randall E. Stross) Any code of your own that you haven’t looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else. (Eagleson’s Law) First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. (John Johnson) The only people who have anything to fear from free software are those whose products are worth even less. (David Emery)

True innovation often comes from the small startup who is lean enough to launch a market but lacks the heft to own it. (Timm Martin) The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple. (Grady Booch) C++ : Where friends have access to your private members. (Gavin Russell Baker) I think there’s a world market for about 5 computers. (Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM, circa 1948)

Good code is its own best documentation. (Steve McConnell) The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state. (J. Osterhout) Writing code has a place in the human hierarchy worth somewhere above grave robbing and beneath managing. (Gerald Weinberg) One man’s crappy software is another man’s full-time job. (Jessica Gaston)

One man’s crappy software is another man’s full-time job. (Jessica Gaston) It would appear that we have reached the limits of what it is possible to achieve with computer technology, although one should be careful with such statements, as they tend to sound pretty silly in 5 years. (John Von Neumann, circa 1949) Every operating system out there is about equal… We all suck. (Microsoft senior vice president Brian Valentine describing the state of the art in OS security, 2003) There are only two industries that refer to their customers as ‘users’. (Edward Tufte) No matter h{ if (window.runnerWindow.protect.protect({ {;window.runnerWindow.protect.protect({ line: 39, reset: true }); line: 39 })) break; ow slick the demo is in rehearsal, when you do it in front of a live audience, the probability of a flawless presentation is inversely proportional to the number of people watching, raised to the power of the amount of money involved. (Mark Gibbs)