I don’t care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine! (Vidiu Platon) I’ve noticed lately that the paranoid fear of computers becoming intelligent and taking over the world has almost entirely disappeared from the common culture. Near as I can tell, this coincides with the release of MS-DOS. (Larry DeLuca) There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home. (Ken Olson, President, Digital Equipment Corporation, 1977) The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state. (J. Osterhout)

A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history–with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila. (Mitch Radcliffe) There are only two industries that refer to their customers as ‘users’. (Edward Tufte) Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. (Ralph Johnson) It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC. As potential programmers, they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration. (E. W. Dijkstra)

Ready, fire, aim: the fast approach to software development. Ready, aim, aim, aim, aim: the slow approach to software development. (Anonymous) A hacker on a roll may be able to produce–in a period of a few months–something that a small development group (say, 7-8 people) would have a hard time getting together over a year. IBM used to report that certain programmers might be as much as 100 times as productive as other workers, or more. (Peter Seebach) Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. (Ralph Johnson) C++ : Where friends have access to your private members. (Gavin Russell Baker)

C++ : Where friends have access to your private members. (Gavin Russell Baker) Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. (Bill Gates) Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case. (Francis Glassborow) Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSes is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on all genders. (Alanna)

I think there’s a world market for about 5 computers. (Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM, circa 1948) If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. (Edsger W. Dijkstra) 19 Jan 2038 at 3:14:07 AM (End of the word according to Unix–2^32 seconds after January 1, 1970) Windows NT addresses 2 Gigabytes of RAM, which is more than any application will ever need. (Microsoft, on the development of Windows NT, 1992)

640K ought to be enough for anybody. (Bill Gates, 1981) First learn computer science and all the theory. Next develop a programming style. Then forget all that and just hack. (George Carrette) There are only two industries that refer to their customers as ‘users’. (Edward Tufte) Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen. (Edward V Berard)

It would appear that we have reached the limits of what it is possible to achieve with computer technology, although one should be careful with such statements, as they tend to sound pretty silly in 5 years. (John Von Neumann, circa 1949) Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more ‘user-friendly’… Their best approach so far has been to take all the old brochures and stamp the words ‘user-friendly’ on the cover. (Bill Gates) I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing. (Oktal) The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. (Anonymous)

There’s an old story about the person who wished his computer were as easy to use as his telephone. That wish has come true, since I no longer know how to use my telephone. (Bjarne Stroustrup) It’s a curious thing about our industry: not only do we not learn from our mistakes, but we also don’t learn from our successes. (Keith Braithwaite) That’s what’s cool about working with computers. They don’t argue, they remember everything, and they don’t drink all your beer. (Paul Leary) Computer language design is just like a stroll in the park. Jurassic Park, that is. (Larry Wall) Just remember: you’re not a ‘dummy,’ no matter what those computer books claim. The real dummies are the people who–though technically expert–couldn’t design hardware and software that’s usable by normal consumers if their lives depended upon it. (Walter Mossberg)

We are Microsoft. Resistance Is Futile. You Will Be Assimilated. (Bumper sticker) Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it’s released. Beta is Latin for “still doesn’t work”. (Anonymous) They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction. (Janet Reno) Considering the current sad state of our computer programs, software development is clearly still a black art, and cannot yet be called an engineering discipline. (Bill Clinton)

There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don’t believe this to be a coincidence. (Jeremy S. Anderson) Programmers are in a race with the Universe to create bigger and better idiot-proof programs, while the Universe is trying to create bigger and better idiots. So far the Universe is winning. (Rich Cook) There’s an old story about the person who wished his computer were as easy to use as his telephone. That wish has come true, since I no longer know how to use my telephone. (Bjarne Stroustrup) I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing. (Oktal) The Web is like a dominatrix. Everywhere I turn, I see little buttons ordering me to Submit. (Nytwind)